feat(autoware_trajectory): add lateral_distance computation (#655)
autowarefoundation/autoware.core: common/autoware_trajectory/README.md

| `<autoware/trajectory/utils/lateral_metrics.hpp>`                                                                                     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

> | <ul><li>`compute_lateral_distance`</li></ul>                                                                                          | A utility function that computes the lateral distance between a given `target point` and the trajectory point corresponding to the specified arc-length `s`, perpendicular to trajectory’s local tangent direction.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <ul><li>`compute_lateral_distance`</li></ul>                                                                                          | A utility function that computes the normal distance between a given `target point` and the tangent line of the pose at specified arc-length `s` on the trajectory.<br> See below cell figure                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
```
